Reduce default time-out value (#9)
XMPP-Interop-Testing/xmpp-interop-tests-action: README.md

The Action can be configured using the following inputs:
- `ipAddress`: the IP address of the server under test. Default value: `127.0.0.1`
- `domain`: the XMPP domain name of server under test. Default value: `example.org`

> - `timeout`: the amount of milliseconds after which an XMPP action (typically an IQ request) is considered timed out. Default value: `5000` (one minute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout`: the amount of milliseconds after which an XMPP action (typically an IQ request) is considered timed out. Default value: `5000` (five seconds)
```

Author: Yeah, I had hoped to force-push that before you noticing :)
